welcome to another distant regulating
source a gateway short I am Chuck
Rowland I got the tracker some hobo
breath falling asleep here we got to
wake him up and I am also here with
metal racetrack as iron- a Chris might
be joining us is joining us yes he has
biology all right what are we trying
today Chuck today we are trying at UV
sriracha ah this does have a story
behind it because Chuck you tried this
in Vegas yeah I remember this we did a
shot roulette episode shot roulette for
and Chuck is actually one of the people
I got this I bought this before we did
that so it's been chilling for a little
bit this is gonna be awful
yeah I like sriracha but this with vodka
it just shouldn't be mixed with that hey
rock made the smartest decision of his
whole life to get out of this Oh smells
like sriracha oh the bottles right
taped on them on the bottle that smells
awful oh there's no this smells not bad
I like the smoky I like the smell but I
also know I'm gonna hate it I'm yeah
it's let's bring it up right here
reckless eating this is this is these
these are the actual members right here
this is this is the the Mount Rushmore
homeruns Kevin Steen cuz he's angry and
that's about Rushmore doesn't mean we
have to use like frickin a card mountain
for this guy because we know he can't
use anything else at our gonna explain
it yeah I'm confused
oh it's black you can't just make a
frickin Mount Rushmore using White Rock
goose
was an asphalt now of them no just had
PR lips to it
you just say you had a big luscious lips
there well so does Chris why are they
watching us still I said we just drink
UV sriracha vodka they love me like
people exactly
oh that's the worst oh my god that can't
be worse something Soraka should not be
mixed with that is gonna not just yeah
hey hey I'll give it credit it tastes
like sriracha yeah but I don't think
vodka should mix with that I'm just
gonna live that is a nephew if even
though it was jambe apocalypse I'd say
that stuff that is wild
no honey walnut shrimp and rice yeah we
should go the other place I thought
Panda Express I'll fall asleep wait
which one you wanna go to that no one
will reconcile four-dose yeah it's a
nephew there's some sriracha should not
be mixed with you no good god that's a
nephew and it's sriracha
oh that's really bad Jesus Christ oh I
like the spice though I do like it no I
like it
and I guess I like the smokiness and I
don't want to get to that though there's
nothing about this I mean are you gonna
pour this out I can find something
flavors to flavour crisps
they would give them slave in my hell
some other in Chinese food mmm we're
gonna chase Chris goddamn it no like
chicken or stating something not orange
chicken a white out of five I don't like
it alright well that's that another
edition of I I got please super drunk
breakfast evening short huh fat side for
Chuck roll a little brown and crisp
pansy dude there's like blood in this
we'll see you next time